oh yes
I'm assuming you're here for more than a
so usual guild rate let's tick
give my regards to Karla I'm always busy
why don't you take a look at some
merchandise and we'll see what kind of a
deal we can make give my I'm all with
some make all this junk me I call them
treasures
as to call that if you see her I give
special rates to members of the thieves
show me what you got
you
regards to kar liya if he is taking why
don't you take a look at some of my
merchandise and we'll see what kind of a
deal would you make
give my regards to car lier if you see
her I've got coin and I've got
merchandise we can do
you
give my regards to car liar if you see
her
I've got coin and I've got merchandise
let's see what we can do
so did dealt trinkets odds and ends that
sort of thing
my recall was our laia if you smell a
bit of this and a bit of that